hello friends how are you I hope that well
I bring you a little tutorial on how
download and install halo combat evolved
for pc but with all the basic maps
who owns the game I hope he gets
subscribe and click on the video I will upload more
tutorials later and in my opinion
aló is indispensable for everyone
lover of action games in
first person well and without more to say
let's start as a first step we will enter
to the link that is in the description we
a page will appear as is
specifically mediafire we will give you
click on the green button that says download or
download in the lower right
will start downloading the file and
we will wait for the time to be unloaded
Wait will take only a few minutes
depending on the type of computer that
have
after the download is finished
we will proceed to open the file if
they have google chrome will appear in the
bottom left the download
but if you do not use the browser before
mentioned regularly appears the
file in the folder download on your
computer
once opened the file that will take
by name to 12 in Spanish by table bay
Hi, I'm Alan Isaac, we'll notice that the
file is in winrar type software
to be able to convert it so to speak
to the type of software that we will repeat for
open the file we will click on the
extract button that is located in the part
top left of our computer
done this they will ask us the route to
where we want it to go in files
select the folder or location of
your preference and we will wait for
load then we will click on accept
this process will take only a few seconds
I shit on what load we have a
joke you know that the other day my
mother by the balcony and is now in the
heaven as it bounces your old no mames
click superman xddddd v
after he finished loading us
we will direct where we decided that
we would send the file and we will find
a folder that will be named by the
of portable and we will give two clicks on
her and we will have the halo already downloaded
now we will show that it is in Spanish
they will click on the file at 12, which is
where the game is located seconds
then it will start normally and without
no problem
as you will see the game is in Spanish it will be
the first time they open the game
that's why he will ask you to name your
character to play in online games
we will click on the multiplayer after
on the internet and we will see a screen with
many buttons xd we will give you in
get list and give us the different
games to play we select
one and we will join the game
as you will see I am already inside a
departure in which it occurs in the
game is variable depending on
server that you have entered
I hope you liked it, do not forget
rate comment and subscribe to
attract more tutorials have fun and
set aside the mother to all x says goodbye
Hi, I'm Alan Isaac, see you next time